Update linux workshop based on review (#227)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/linux-basics/activity-2.md

weight: 5
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/v1XLyLuQQyA" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

*So before we can stop the hackers, we need to learn to navigate the Linux filesystem.*

### What is a filesystem? 

A filesystem is a structured collection of files and data on a computer disk or drive. The highest level of a filesystem is referred to as the "root". You can think of it as the beginning of the filesystem. 

{{% notice tip %}}
Fun fact: filesystems are often described as a "tree". This is because the filesystem looks like an upside down tree with each folder as a branch or leaf. For example, your filesystem may look like the below.

![picture of a filesystem tree](../images/filesystem-tree.png?classes=border,shadow)
{{% /notice %}}

> For example, on a windows computer, you can browse the computer's "C:\" drive filesystem in the "file explorer" by navigating to the below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a Windows computer, you can browse the computer's "C:\" drive filesystem in the "file explorer" like below
```

Reviewer: Do we need to talk about what the C:\ drive is?

Author: As in talking about what a drive is or as in talking about the significance of the C:\ drive itself? If the former maybe it's best to take out the word "driver". Otherwise, if we want to explain the significance, then maybe we could add that as like a fun fact or something?

> ![picture of a windows file explorer](../images/filesystem-windows.png?classes=border,shadow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Picture of a Windows file explorer](../images/filesystem-windows.png?classes=border,shadow)
```

> On a mac computer, you can browse the computer's home filesystem in "finder" like below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a Mac computer, you can browse the computer's home filesystem in "Finder" like below
```

> ![picture of the mac file finder](../images/home-folder-mac.jpg?classes=border,shadow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Picture of the Mac file finder](../images/home-folder-mac.jpg?classes=border,shadow)
```
